README.md, before:

# NeIC Sensitive Data Archive

This is a fork of https://github.com/EGA-archive/LocalEGA adapted for NeIC Tryggve2 use cases.

![](https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA/workflows/Python%20unit%20tests/badge.svg)
![](https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA/workflows/Python%20style%20check/badge.svg)
![](https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA/workflows/Integration%20Tests/badge.svg)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/neic-sda/badge/?version=latest)](https://neic-sda.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/neicnordic/LocalEGA/badge.svg?branch=HEAD)](https://coveralls.io/github/neicnordic/LocalEGA?branch=HEAD)

The [code](lega) is written in Python (3.6+).

Recommended provisioning methods provided for production are:

* on a [Kubernetes cluster](https://github.com/neicnordic/sda-helm/), using `kubernetes` and `helm` charts;
* on a [Docker Swarm cluster](https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA-deploy-swarm), using `gradle` and `docker swarm`.

One can provision and deploy the different components, locally, using [docker-compose](deploy).

# Architecture

SDA is divided into several components, as docker containers.

| Component     | Role |
|---------------|------|
| db            | A Postgres database with appropriate schemas and isolations |
| mq            | A (local) RabbitMQ message broker with appropriate accounts, exchanges, queues and bindings, connected to the CentralEGA counter-part. |
| inbox         | SFTP, S3 or HTTPS server, acting as a dropbox, where user credentials are fetched from CentralEGA or via ELIXIR AAI. |
| ingest        | Split the Crypt4GH header and move the remainder to the storage backend. No cryptographic task, nor access to the decryption keys. |
| verify        | Decrypt the stored files and checksum them against their embedded checksum. |
| archive       | Storage backend: as a regular file system or as a S3 object store. |
| finalize      | Handle the so-called _Accession ID_ to filename mappings from CentralEGA. |
| data out API  | Provides a download/data access API for streaming archived data either in encrypted or decrypted format - source at: https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA-DOA |
| metadata      | Component used in standalone version of SDA. Provides an interface and backend to submit Metadata and associated with a file in the Archive. _source not part of this repo_ |

Find the [NeIC SDA documentation](https://neic-sda.readthedocs.io) hosted on [ReadTheDocs.org](https://readthedocs.org/).

Commit message:

new repo and prepare to archive

README.md, after:

# Moved to SDA-pipeline

**As of 1st of October 2020 this repository will not be maintained.**

**NeIC Sensitive Data Archive implementation moved to: https://github.com/neicnordic/sda-pipeline**

Recommended provisioning methods provided for production are:

* on a [Kubernetes cluster](https://github.com/neicnordic/sda-helm/), using `kubernetes` and `helm` charts;
* on a [Docker Swarm cluster](https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA-deploy-swarm), using `gradle` and `docker swarm`.

[NeIC SDA documentation](https://neic-sda.readthedocs.io).

### OLD version NeIC Sensitive Data Archive

This is a fork of https://github.com/EGA-archive/LocalEGA adapted for NeIC Tryggve2 use cases.

![](https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA/workflows/Python%20unit%20tests/badge.svg)
![](https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA/workflows/Python%20style%20check/badge.svg)
![](https://github.com/neicnordic/LocalEGA/workflows/Integration%20Tests/badge.svg)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/neic-sda/badge/?version=latest)](https://neic-sda.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/neicnordic/LocalEGA/badge.svg?branch=HEAD)](https://coveralls.io/github/neicnordic/LocalEGA?branch=HEAD)

This [code](lega) is written in Python (3.6+).
